prince we know they're fighting is having a lot off models right on here.
I'm goingto take one off the model as platform model.
Then what is the use off this platform module?
See,
Platform model is useful to access under laying platforms data such as hardware or burning
system on integrated washing in four.
And here.
You No need to worry how to get this information.
I mean,
platform is a model,
right?
See,
by simply typing from your command line because you are initial stage,
right?
What you will do,
you'll go toe fight on,
then simply there.
You'll tape support.
Simply helped models on.
You're going to get list off models here?
Yes,
I June dirt from the list off models.
You're going to select anyone off there.
Then how you will come to know where is the uses of that model?
Right.
You will see in the documentation itself.
What is The use is off that model night.
You have a lot of models here.
Just as you know you're going to select one off the model called C a sweet or one of the
model called at medic.
Get bus,
then what is the uses of their It is there with your Piketon documentation itself.
I will show you that.
Just wait,
Right.
Fine.
No guys.
Already we have seen,
if you want to use any model in your current stripped right,
what we're doing simply we are importing that,
right?
So how to use anymore?
Doolin Escape.
So in our case platform,
right.
See,
you can use simply import platform.
This is one way.
And already we have seen you can also import import platform as pity.
That means you are Ali using your model or you are renaming your model in giraffe using
platform as platform.
Now you're using as pity,
right?
Yes.
It is possible you can modify their default model name in you in your current state,
not with your python bike.
Or they also one more way right from platform.
You can import all functions and variables.
Okay,
so you know,
model is nothing,
but it is a simply by transcript,
which consist off some functions classes on variables.
So all directly getting bored in this way,
then suppose from platform model.
I need only system on platform functions.
So instead of this,
we have different things.
Just arguing that I know support system and platform or required from your platform under.
Then I can import only those two things in this way.
Also right.
So as a fresh air,
right?
You are a beginner level.
Then tried to use first in this way.
Well,
going forward,
we will see this one.
This one This one.
Everything we will see,
Right?
Fine then Just know we discussed that platform.
Is it a model?
Which country stops on functions and variables then how you can list all those things faced
with your bite on?
There is a default function called D a r.
With that,
you can list all the functions and variables which are there with your platform module not
only with your platform model,
with any model right.
Then you can use simply from scrip.
You can print it the air platform or from common land directly.
You can run the A R platform.
I will tell you about the procedure.
It's on.
Then how you can get a documentation for you were black for model not only platform any
model,
right?
Simply you can run Help a platform from your common line or from script.
You can run print help platform,
Right?
Let me woman first.
Your common line.
Right?
So that is just a junior.
I want to work with platform module.
Then what?
How to do for sitting it?
Maybe come online or it may be your by transcript Your imported first.
So I'm going to import it.
Import platform?
Yes.
Just know you imported platform,
then immediately.
My action is I want to know what are all the operations are What are all the functions and
variables are dead with your platform.
Then simply run B a r platform.
You'll get a lot of things here.
Each and every thing is some separate operation.
Probably gonna zoom each and everything is like a one operation.
Right?
But you don't know what is the purpose of each and every thing Here We have a lot of values
as a list.
Right?
See that?
How many well is you?
How you can find out using length off your list.
72 operations are red.
Suppose right there is a specific operation with each and every value.
Which is there in your list Off running the air.
Your platform?
You're getting different things through.
So a year for each and every thing they disperse.
Speak operation.
But how you will come to know what is The use is off this each and everything.
Right?
So this you are intial stage what you're to do immediately.
Immediately after importing your platform,
you list all available operations or simply functions and variables.
You are running the air Your platform module,
then Same way.
Just a help plateful and it is going to give a document.
Right?
See that this model prices reduce as much platform identifying data That means some
hardware information right into a trailer into information.
Something like that.
Now if you go with all the functions this has have No,
this model isn't giving her with the class concept.
I mean oops,
concert.
But you don't worry.
As of now,
we don't know jobs right?
Finally will come to know how to create a model with hopes are we?
The only functions are with only wearables for timing.
Don't worry about class,
right?
So somewhere Just go down,
guys.
Not only with this model,
any model as off.
No,
don't after these classes.
Okay,
Just to go down Gordon see year for us to go down completely from taco down Now you're
getting some very of functions functions not Try to understand this 11 paper there is a
architecture function from your platform.
Then what is the uses of that?
It is going to give some architecture information just to go to document one by one so that
he will get I see mission nor black form.
Right?
You lot off things here just to go to that one by one.
What is the python washing you have on your holes?
Your platform model will fetch that Like then what is the operating system type?
See that system?
That's it.
NATO,
as I've noted,
guys don't know nothing is that it is displaying now.
You don't worry about this.
Well,
you as off?
No,
actually is a simple single variable like from your mathematic function.
P A is a by value,
right?
Same bend.
Onal is one variable.
That's it,
like see?
Same way you can run your entire thing from your script as well.
Let me do it.
The script.
So my requirement is walking with more news dot The way fine.
I want to work with platform,
aren't you?
Then what?
I will do I need to import first.
Import black form right there immediately.
I want to see list off operations or list off functions and variables with your platform.
So from common land directly running the air off platform.
But if it is a script,
your toe print that then only it will show you on your output.
Let me save it.
And in your sublime takes to run your pythons,
give just to press control ble b control,
Beefy press.
You will get the list off all oppressions.
I mean,
control bees just to run your pipe.
Answer.
Same way.
I need to know that documentation as well,
right?
Simply print help off your platform.
That's it.
Run it and see the output.
So it is giving us your time.
Your entire document,
right?
You can say copy and 17 toe.
Some fight on.
We can go through that line by line.
Right?
But batteries always.
Guys,
If you want to get any help,
try to use only commonly.
So always tried to write a court invite landscape and from common land.
Try to get your help.
Night.
Fine.
So let me go with some one by one Operations but not all some of them which are very,
very important.
But we're going forward.
I will cover the most of the operations which are required for our real time cases.
Right.
Fine.
Let me No,
this one.
Right.
So this I want to know what type off opening system you're using Then for that in platform
,
there is a function called See that in our system.
Run the script,
concede out windows.
So now I can see that I can write back.
I can write like this is that may do f string.
This is so this is the operation less?
You can write in a hard writing.
Carl embraces boy.
Yes.
When those ways that's not Sit out.
But because off platform right system you're getting information as windows.
Same script.
If you run on UNIX like systems,
you will get that operating system name right?
Then let me take one more thing.
I want to see What is the fight on Washington's there on this host,
right?
See that brain by Don West Chinese?
Let me run from your platform,
right?
So they say here you may get confused.
Why we are using parentis is write something wrong?
Yeah,
after calibrates yard right quotation.
Fine.
You may get some confusion,
so yet I'm using parentheses.
And in this parentis is I'm not writing anything.
Sometimes you heard right sometimes No need to write.
You should not,
right?
Actually,
I see this is a function.
That's why I'm writing appearances.
But how you will come to know whether that is a function or not again.
In your documentation,
you'll have that See that system with appearances on here in documentation they are not
writing anything means no need to.
Probably anywhere you will using this system function other ways,
other ways you can do one more thing simply run platform.
There is a model right from the time using system.
I don't know system is a variable or a function,
then simply will run in this way.
Then see that it is worrying that function then Now just include parentis is because you
are in jail stays.
You have to do all these steps,
right?
Fine,
No,
You can also get your pipe and Washington in terms.
There are some different values for their days.
Like okay,
you can also get your fight on Washington in terms off couple No see that if I run there,
how I'm going to get simply I'm running break simply.
I'm going to use this.
So this is also your function.
So I'm going to do platform,
not see the last or put you're getting as a couple,
right?
Major minor on released washings,
That's it.
So here we're getting out.
A string on body area are getting as a couple inside a double again.
You're dead eyes a string only.
See that quotations are there like then let me go on run are somewhere examples from your
black form.
So what I want raise.
So now I can run directly from your terminal.
That's better.
Let me clear my screen first.
So I'm wondering in tow Python,
I'm going to import platform.
Let me simply print So you can do this,
even even know our script also days.
But I am badly.
I want to show you the result directly.
That's why I'm running here.
So I want to know what is the mission information?
See that I am the 64 like same.
You just run on your next like system.
Also,
you will get some your UNIX like systems from 86 by 64.
Something like that.
Right.
Then what is the release window?
Spend right.
Then see that there is a platform dot platform module.
I'm in function through which you're going to get entire information,
Your windows operating system and on its sp pack something like that.
Right.
Then I want to see the architecture.
Yes,
You No need to worry.
What?
How?
You can select your dysfunction names from your model.
You know this one?
Done this.
See the operations now I want to print our picture off this operating system.
So simply platform dart.
That is something operation called Architecture.
You can such here somewhere we thought underscores from where we help.
Yeah,
somewhere here.
How architecture like that's it to that 64 bit windows.
Be right.
Then what is the process that you are using?
Some very help Process that object that like just copy.
That's it.
Fine.
No.
Finally let me go with the You were platform not no.
What is the node for this?
So here?
Because this is my desktop.
I'm getting this as my no,
right.
We just try to run this on UNIX like systems.
You are just after that.
What you're going to get?
Yes,
you're not information,
right?
Then that melon lost one.
Here,
See that you name seeing your UNIX like systems.
Also,
you're having you name command.
If you're in there,
you name command.
You're going to get the entire information about your operating system.
Night.
So here also,
Python is giving platform dot You name?
What is this system?
Name?
Right.
The North released washing mission processor.
Everything is going to give one single command,
right?
Fine.
Okay,
is this is a border are simply you are platform model,
So we will see step by step or different models with examples.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.